pages*: simplify page description (#12149)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-check-ref-format.md

# git check-ref-format

> > Check if a refname is acceptable, and exit with a non-zero status if it is not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Check if a reference name is acceptable, and exit with a non-zero status if it is not.
```

> More information: <https://git-scm.com/docs/git-check-ref-format>.

> - Check the format of the specified refname:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check the format of the specified reference name:
```
I would suggest updating the same in the other description.
